com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaSource.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaSource
com/talaria/spark/sql/OrcColumnVector.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.OrcColumnVector
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaContinuousStream.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaContinuousStream
com/talaria/spark/sql/MicroBatchStreamExample.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.MicroBatchStreamExample
com/talaria/spark/sql/ContinuousStreamExample.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.ContinuousStreamExample
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaBatch.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaBatch
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaScanBuilder.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaScanBuilder
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaOffset.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaOffset
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaPartitionReaderFactory.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaPartitionReaderFactory
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaTable.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaTable
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaOffsetStore.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaOffsetStore
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaColumnarPartitionReader.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaColumnarPartitionReader
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaContinuousPartitionReaderFactory.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaContinuousPartitionReaderFactory
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaMicroBatchStream.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaMicroBatchStream
com/talaria/spark/sql/SparkUtil.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.SparkUtil
com/talaria/spark/sql/ReadOptions.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.ReadOptions
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaContinuousStreamPartition.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaContinuousStreamPartition
com/talaria/spark/sql/BatchExample.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.BatchExample
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaContinuousStreamPartitionReader.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaContinuousStreamPartitionReader
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaScan.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaScan
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaPartition.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaPartition
com/talaria/spark/sql/TalariaContinuousStreamPartitionOffset.java
 com.talaria.spark.sql.TalariaContinuousStreamPartitionOffset
